1.What is Emmet?
Ans: It is an extension to write faster boiler-plate code in code editors.

2.Difference Between libray and extension?
Ans:

Library : In general, a library is a set or collection of predefined functions and classes that are available for developers to make their work a little easier and to boost the development process. This means that the code for these functions and classes is already written in the library and developers do not write code for some specific functionality, they can call and use code from the library through their own code.

In general terms, the size of any typical library is not that large. Although, normally libraries are focused on narrow scope such as strings, sockets, IO due to which the size of their API's is also small and requires only a few numbers of dependencies. A library is just a set of classes with their definition.
Framework: In short, we can say that a software framework is an abstraction in which the framework provides us with a common functionality that we can change or modify by writing additional code. This is how application-specific software is provided.


Inversion of control: When we call a method from a library, we are in control. But in framework, the control is inverted i.e. the framework calls us.

watch this video https://youtu.be/D_MO9vIRBcA

3 What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.

A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos. The popularity of CDN services continues to grow, and today the majority of web traffic is served through CDNs, including traffic from major sites like Facebook, Netflix, and Amazon.

We use it because:
1.Improving website load times 
2.Reducing bandwidth costs
3.Increasing content availability and redundancy
4.Increasing Web Security.

4 why is react called as react?
react is related to frontend view which is chnaging or modifying according to user action which means view should 'react' with user events that is why react is called as react

5 what is cross-origin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.

A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_script_crossorigin.asp#:~:text=The%20crossorigin%20attribute%20sets%20the,or%20scripts)%20from%20another%20domain.

6.What is Difference Between Recat and ReactDOM?
React: React is a javascript library, designed for building better user interfaces.

React-DOM: React-DOM is a complimentary library to React which glues React to the browser DOM.
mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().

We’re using React and whenever we use methods like render() or findDOMNode() we’re using React-DOM.
